[material-ui][avatar] Add props deprecation with a codemod (#40853)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/migration/migrating-from-deprecated-apis/migrating-from-deprecated-apis.md

## Accordion

> Use the [codemod](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/master/packages/mui-codemod#accordion-props) below to migrate your code:

Reviewer: 👍🏼

> Use the [codemod](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/master/packages/mui-codemod#accordion-props) below to migrate the code as decribed in the following sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [codemod](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/HEAD/packages/mui-codemod#accordion-props) below to migrate the code as described in the following sections:
```

### TransitionProps

The Accordion's `TransitionProps` was deprecated in favor of `slotProps.transition`:

```diff
 <Accordion
-    TransitionProps={{ unmountOnExit: true }}
+    slotProps={{ transition: { unmountOnExit: true } }}
 />
```

## Avatar

### imgProps

The `imgProps` was deprecated in favor of `slotProps.img`. Use the [codemod](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/master/packages/mui-codemod#avatar-props) below to migrate your code:

```bash
npx @mui/codemod@latest deprecations/avatar-props <path>
```

```diff

>   <Avatar
> -   imgProps={{
> -     onError: () => {},
> -     onLoad: () => {},
> +   slotProps={{
> +     img: {
> +       onError: () => {},
> +       onLoad: () => {},
> +     }
>     }}
>   />;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 <Avatar
-  imgProps={{
-    onError: () => {},
-    onLoad: () => {},
+  slotProps={{
+    img: {
+      onError: () => {},
+      onLoad: () => {},
+    }
   }}
 />;
```

 />
```

## Avatar

> Use the [codemod](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/master/packages/mui-codemod#avatar-props) below to migrate the code as decribed in the following sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [codemod](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/HEAD/packages/mui-codemod#avatar-props) below to migrate the code as described in the following sections:
```

```bash
npx @mui/codemod@latest deprecations/avatar-props <path>
```

### imgProps

The Avatar's `imgProps` was deprecated in favor of `slotProps.img`:

```diff
 <Avatar
-  imgProps={{
-    onError: () => {},
-    onLoad: () => {},
+  slotProps={{
+    img: {
+      onError: () => {},
+      onLoad: () => {},
+    }
   }}
 />;
```

## Divider

> Use the [codemod](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/HEAD/packages/mui-codemod#divider-props) below to migrate the code as decribed in the following sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [codemod](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/HEAD/packages/mui-codemod#divider-props) below to migrate the code as described in the following sections:
```
